c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\bin\Debug\Diagnostic.nuspec
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\bin\Debug\tools\install.ps1
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\bin\Debug\tools\uninstall.ps1
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\bin\Debug\StaticCode_Analize.Test.dll
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\bin\Debug\StaticCode_Analize.Test.pdb
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.dll
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.Workspaces.dll
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.dll
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\bin\Debug\StaticCode_Analize.dll
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\bin\Debug\System.Composition.AttributedModel.dll
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\bin\Debug\System.Composition.Convention.dll
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\bin\Debug\System.Composition.Hosting.dll
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\bin\Debug\System.Composition.Runtime.dll
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\bin\Debug\System.Composition.TypedParts.dll
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\bin\Debug\StaticCode_Analize.pdb
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.xml
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.xml
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.xml
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.xml
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.Workspaces.xml
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.xml
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Immutable.xml
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\bin\Debug\System.Composition.AttributedModel.xml
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\bin\Debug\System.Composition.Convention.xml
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\bin\Debug\System.Composition.Hosting.xml
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\bin\Debug\System.Composition.Runtime.xml
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\bin\Debug\System.Composition.TypedParts.xml
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.Metadata.xml
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\obj\Debug\StaticCode_Analize.Test.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\obj\Debug\StaticCode_Analize.Test.dll
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\obj\Debug\StaticCode_Analize.Test.pdb
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.Extensions.dll
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.Extensions.xml
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\bin\Debug\StaticCode_Analize.Test.dll.config
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\yana_petrachenka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize\StaticCode_Analize.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
